Okay,
guys.
And welcome back to another student.
Questions answered.
Lecture.
Now,
this question comes from offer from what are for asks is is it possible to make a chart
from filtered data?
And yes,
it certainly is.
And you can you can grab this file.
It's called Level one Sq.
A three student questions answered.
Three charts from a filter list.
This is just data that I've ripped straight out of level one Onda.
What I'm gonna do is I'm just going to click line for and get that filter in there,
Some coming over to sort and filter from the home ribbon.
Choose filter Nager.
You can see that we've got all of our filters applied.
So here we can select anything.
I realize that slightly over two shots.
So what will induce click select all which once elects everything?
I'm just gonna pick every other one for the 1st 3 Someone say apple,
celery and cucumbers it slightly off screen brown clicking.
OK,
so they go.
You can see that just got out apples,
celery and cucumber selected.
The next thing I'm gonna do is select all the data,
including the heavens that I'm gonna head on over to the insert menu.
I'm gonna come to recommended charts.
You can see that we have a bunch of recommended charts here.
And I'm just gonna pick this one at random and click,
OK?
And they go.
Now you concede that we have our chart,
and it's only detail in the apples,
celery and cucumbers,
Which is exactly what we've felt it too.
Now,
here you can see that we have opened Stop.
Monday,
Tuesday,
Wednesday,
Thursday,
Friday,
Saturday total close and stop monthly on average.
No,
it could be that.
You just want to see Monday,
Tuesday,
Wednesday,
Thursday,
and Friday.
So I'm just gonna delete that child for a second and show you something else.
What we're gonna do is we're gonna site item and drag down.
So I'm left Quicken and dragging down That gives me this range here.
Then I'm gonna hold down the control key on the highlight Monday through Saturday and again
damn to cucumbers.
So I held that I selected this left click drank down,
hold down the control key,
left,
click,
and drag over until I get all of that data.
Now,
I'm gonna come back to the insert menu back to recommended charts,
and I'm gonna choose a set chest started.
I'm gonna choose the same chart.
Type on when I click.
OK,
you can see that now we have most of the data,
but only the bits that we've actually selected so we can skip out the opening stock even
though it comes before Monday.
Tuesday,
Wednesday,
Thursday,
Friday,
Saturday,
and we've also missed the end bits of data.
So there you go.
You can see that we have apples and orange,
celery in yellow and cucumbers in green.
Hopefully,
that helps have a play around with it,
and you'll be amazed at what you can do.
As always.
If there are any questions,
do let me know,
and I'll see you in the next lecture.